Add sample readmes (#548)
tableau/connector-plugin-sdk: samples/scenarios/mysql_based/mysql_odbc/Readme.md

> This sample shows how use the mysql_odbc base class to make a connector that inherits from our existing MySQL connector. Thkis may be useful for a database that follows the MySQL protocol closely. This is not a fully-formed connector.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This sample shows how use the mysql_odbc base class to make a connector that inherits from our existing MySQL connector. This may be useful for a database that follows the MySQL design closely. This is not a fully-formed connector.
```
